<style>
  body {
    font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
    font-size: 12pt; /* 12-point font */
    line-height: 1.5; /* good spacing for readability */
    text-align: justify; /* makes both left and right edges aligned */
    max-width: 800px; /* keeps lines from being too long */
    margin: 30px auto; /* centers content with some padding */
  }

  p {
    margin-bottom: 1em; /* space between paragraphs */
  }
</style>

In the Land of Oz, Glinda the Good joins the citizens of Munchkinland as they celebrate the death of the Wicked Witch of the West at the hands of a "female child". When a child asks her why wickedness happens, Glinda relays the Witch's backstory - born from an affair between the wife of then-Governor Thropp, Melena, and a mysterious traveling salesman, the Witch was ostracized from birth due to her unnaturally green skin (a result of the green elixir the salesman intoxicated Melena with), and her
telekinetic powers, which she inadvertently uses when she experiences any strong emotion ("No One Mourns the Wicked"). When asked if she and the Witch were friends, Glinda reveals that they knew each other from school.
Years earlier, Elphaba Thropp arrives at Shiz University to see off her wheelchair-using younger sister, Nessarose ("Dear Old Shiz"). After witnessing an accidental release of Elphaba's powers, Shiz's Dean of Sorcery Studies, Madame Morrible, offers to enroll and privately tutor Elphaba in sorcery. Elphaba accepts, hoping that it will allow her to accomplish her dream of working with Oz's ruler, the Wonderful Wizard of Oz, and having him change her skin color ("The Wizard and I"). To the discontent of both, Elphaba is forced to room with Galinda Upland, with whom she clashes constantly ("What Is This Feeling?").
<video controls>
  <source src="test12.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>
One night, Elphaba follows history professor Dr. Dillamond,
an anthropomorphic goat who faces discrimination as one of Shiz's last
Animal professors, to a meeting of animals off-campus. Dillamond reveals that other animals are losing their ability to speak, but Elphaba assures him the Wizard will fix it ("Something Bad").
Rebellious transfer student Fiyero Tigelaar takes a group of students to a party at the Ozdust Ballroom nightclub ("Dancing Through Life"). Galinda convinces her admirer Boq Woodsman, a Munchkin, to invite Nessarose so she can accompany Fiyero. Moved by this, Elphaba convinces a begrudging Morrible to tutor Galinda. Elphaba arrives at the Ozdust and is ridiculed for wearing a pointed hat that Galinda gave her as a joke.
Galinda remorsefully dances with her ("Ozdust Duet"), later repaying her kindness with a makeover ("Popular").
Dillamond announces that animals are no longer allowed to teach at Shiz and is forcibly removed from his classroom. His replacement, the unscrupulous Professor Nikidik, demonstrates a new contraption - a cage containing a frightened lion cub, designed to prevent animals from learning to speak. Enraged, Elphaba releases her powers and
spins poppy dust over the room, rendering everyone except herself and Fiyero asleep. They escape campus and release the cub into the forest. After sharing a moment, Elphaba laments her unrequited feelings for Fiyero ("I'm Not That Girl").
The Wizard invites Elphaba to meet him, having learned of her powers from Morrible. Galinda, now calling herself "Glinda" in honor of Dillamond's mispronunciation of her name, accompanies her. They arrive in the Emerald City ("One Short Day") and are introduced to the Wizard, who is an ordinary man ("A Sentimental Man"). Morrible arrives to witness Elphaba and the Wizard's meeting. At their urging, Elphaba casts a levitation spell from the sacred Grimmerie spellbook that makes the Wizard's monkey guards painfully sprout wings. As the Wizard and Morrible rejoice over their newfound ability to use the monkeys as spies,
Elphaba realizes that they are the ones behind the animals' oppression and that the fraudulent Wizard, lacking any real magic of his own, used her to further subjugate them. Horrified, Elphaba steals the Grimmerie and flees.
Glinda follows Elphaba and implores her to reconcile with Morrible and the Wizard, but Elphaba refuses. Glinda supports her, but declines to accompany her. The two share an emotional farewell before Glinda is apprehended by guards. Elphaba repeats the levitation spell on a broom and escapes the city.
Morrible sends out warnings to the citizens of Oz, deeming Elphaba a "wicked witch" and demanding she be found and apprehended. Fiyero leaves Shiz on horseback amidst a mass evacuation while Governor Thropp suffers a heart attack after he and Nessarose receive the news. Elphaba flies west, leaving Glinda behind ("Defying Gravity").

